README.md, before:

# shipitdudemouse &mdash; If you must ship it, ship it dudemouse.

[shipitdudemouse](https://github.com/cmeiklejohn/shipitdudemouse) is a simple way to remind yourself of what's important in life.  Managing your attention is critical in this Internet age, and shipitdudemouse is the *only* way to make sure you stay focused enough to ship it like a true dudemouse.

## Why ship it?

Ancient Celtic soothsayers often spoke of a great ship that would come, bearing Patrick Ewing.  That ship has come and gone, and now it is time for you to make your own damn ship.  Like Noah.  Yeah, I probably should have riffed on Noah instead.

Clearly, building a "ship it" culture in your organization is critical.  But process is meaningless without tools.  This is where [shipitdudemouse](https://github.com/cmeiklejohn/shipitdudemouse) comes in.

## What is a dudemouse?

[Are you fucking shitting me?](https://github.com/mattgillooly/shipitdudemouse/raw/add_readme/dudemouse.jpg)

## Authors

* [Chris "The Dudemouse" Meiklejohn](https://github.com/cmeiklejohn)

Commit message:

adding usage instructions to README

README.md, after:

# shipitdudemouse &mdash; If you must ship it, ship it dudemouse.

[shipitdudemouse](https://github.com/cmeiklejohn/shipitdudemouse) is a simple way to remind yourself of what's important in life.  Managing your attention is critical in this Internet age, and shipitdudemouse is the *only* way to make sure you stay focused enough to ship it like a true dudemouse.

## Why ship it?

Ancient Celtic soothsayers often spoke of a great ship that would come, bearing Patrick Ewing.  That ship has come and gone, and now it is time for you to make your own damn ship.  Like Noah.  Yeah, I probably should have riffed on Noah instead.

Clearly, building a "ship it" culture in your organization is critical.  But process is meaningless without tools.  This is where [shipitdudemouse](https://github.com/cmeiklejohn/shipitdudemouse) comes in.

## What is a dudemouse?

[Are you fucking shitting me?](https://github.com/mattgillooly/shipitdudemouse/raw/add_readme/dudemouse.jpg)

## Usage

To run shipitdudemouse locally, clone the repo and run:

    bundle
    bundle exec shotgun

The server will be listening on http://localhost:9393

## Authors

* [Chris "The Dudemouse" Meiklejohn](https://github.com/cmeiklejohn)
